Embedded Auth for Android (#2353)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-cases/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-basic-sign-in/android/summaryofsteps.md

## Summary of steps

> This use case entails building out a simple UI to capture the username, password, and authenticating the credentials with Okta using the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case explains how to build a simple UI to capture the username and password, and authenticate the credentials with Okta using the SDK.
```
